# Manage fragments {#concept_r3h_c1y_5db .concept}

## What are parts? {#section_q45_f1y_5db .section}

When you use the Multipart Upload mode, you divide the object into several parts. After you upload the parts to the OSS server, you can call the CompleteMultipartUpload to combine the parts into a complete object.

**Note:** 

-   You can call the CompleteMultipartUpload to combine the parts into a complete object. For more information on how to use MultipartUpload, see [Introduction](../intl.en-US/API Reference/Multipart upload operations/Introduction.md#).
-   You can regularly clear unnecessary parts by setting the lifecycle management. It is used to clear the parts for which the CompleteMultipartUpload is not complete for a long term in the bucket to reduce the consumption of space. For the detailed procedure, [Set lifecycle](intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Set lifecycle.md#)see Set the lifecycle.
-   A part cannot be read before it is combined with other parts into an object. To delete a bucket, you must delete its objects and parts first. Parts are mainly generated by Multipart Upload. For more information, see [Introduction](../intl.en-US/API Reference/Multipart upload operations/Introduction.md#) the API documentation.

## Procedures {#section_tf2_lcy_5db .section}

1.  Log on to the [OSS console](https://oss.console.aliyun.com/).
2.  In the left-side bucket list, click the name of the target bucket to open the overview page of the bucket.
3.  Click the **File Management** tab.
4.  Click the **Part Management** to open the Part Management page.
5.  Delete the part files.
    -   To delete all the part files in a bucket, click **Clear**.
    -   To delete some of the part files in a bucket, select or search for the expected part files and click **Delete**.
6.  In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

