# Get object URL {#concept_k4p_dvl_vdb .concept}

After you upload an object to a bucket, you can get the file address used to share and download the file.

## Procedure {#section_g3q_2vl_vdb .section}

1.  Log on to the [OSS console](https://oss.console.aliyun.com/).
2.  Click to open the target bucket.
3.  Click the **Files** tab.
4.  Click the name of the target file. The Preview page is displayed.
    -   **Open File URL**: used to open a file directly in the browser.
    -   **Copy File URL**: used to download the file.
    -   **Copy File Path**: used to search a file or watermarking an image file.
5.  Click **Copy File URL** and give it to any user who needs to browse or download the file.

    1.  Open a browser, paste the URL and enter.
    2.  Browse the file and right-click to save the file locally. Files that cannot be browsed directly, such as Excel files, are downloaded directly when the URL is opened.
    **Note:** You can also click **Open File URL** and browse the file in the browser directly. Files that cannot be browsed directly, such as Excel files, are downloaded directly when the URL is opened.

    If the ACL of your bucket is set to **Private**, you must find the **Signature** field and set the **Validity** when getting a file URL. The default value of Validity is 3600 seconds, and the maximum value is 64800 seconds.

    **Note:** 

    -   The link validity period for URL signature is calculated based on NTP. You can give this link to any visitor who can then use it to access the file within the validity period. If the bucket has a private permission, the obtained addresses are generated by [Add a signature to a URL](../../../../intl.en-US/API Reference/Access control/Add a signature to a URL.md#).
    -   You can change the ACL of a bucket or a file anytime. For more information, see [Change bucket ACL](intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Change bucket ACL.md#) and [Change object ACL](intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage objects/Change object ACL.md#).

